Remove rocket.chat mentions and urls (#94)
bcgov/bcdg: docs/content-syntax-guide.md

This is a link to the [mermaid diagrams](#diagrams-with-mermaid) section within this page.

> This is a link to the [Choosing project technology ](choosing-technology/how-to-select-technology.md) page in the `choosing-technology` section.

Reviewer: Sorry, after making the suggestion to this page, I realised the page it isn't in a sub menu on the display, even though it is in a directory. To avoid any possible confusion for people I am changing to a file that is in a directory and also displayed in a sub menu. 
```suggestion
This is a link to the [Security best practices for apps](security/best-practices-for-apps.md) page in the `Security and Privacy` section. The file is in the `security` directory of the repo. 
```

> This is a link to the [Join the Developer Community in Microsoft Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3A6bffce0ac7aa47a1ba9f6d9a7e898db9%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=a80418da-c27b-406e-89ab-7695b61924d8&tenantId=6fdb5200-3d0d-4a8a-b036-d3685e359adc)

Reviewer: For the syntax guide the link to `rocketchat/get-help-in-rocketchat.md` is used as an example of linking to a page in another directory in a guide. So, I don't think we want to replace it with a link to the team. Just another page within the guide. Example

```suggestion
This is a link to the [Choosing project technology ](choosing-technology/how-to-select-technology.md) page in the `choosing-technology` section.
```

This is a link to the [Diagrams with Mermaid](#diagrams-with-mermaid) section within this page.

> This is a link to the [Choosing project technology ](choosing-technology/how-to-select-technology.md) page in the `choosing-technology` section.

Reviewer: Sorry, same reason as above:
```suggestion
This is a link to the [Security best practices for apps](security/best-practices-for-apps.md) page in the `Security and Privacy` section. The file is in the `security` directory of the repo. 
```

> This is a link to the [Join the Developer Community in Microsoft Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3A6bffce0ac7aa47a1ba9f6d9a7e898db9%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=a80418da-c27b-406e-89ab-7695b61924d8&tenantId=6fdb5200-3d0d-4a8a-b036-d3685e359adc)

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
This is a link to the [Choosing project technology ](choosing-technology/how-to-select-technology.md) page in the `choosing-technology` section.
```
